I remember the war ground shook sky
who was I in time you'll remember after
the fall everything changed
did you ever find peace I found you I
don't know what I am I'm just an
insignificant girl or someone very
special it's a harsh world a strong prey
on the weak down here
that's not the way it has to be
I'm with her
I don't understand how she could create
such a power
she's just a girl she contains
technologies that have been lost for 300
years
if you let her live she will destroy the
natural order of things
if you make this body and carefully
I know but I don't
tonight is not a game it is a heart
we made the biggest mistake of your
lives and what's that
under estimating Who I am
stay here don't kill anyone
[Music]